1 What is RDBMS?
The software used to store, manage, query, and retrieve data stored in a relational database is called a relational database management system (RDBMS
    
2 What is SQL?
Structured Query Language.

3 Write SQL Commands.
     DDL Data Definition Language
     DML Data Manipulation Language
     DCL Data Control Language
     DQL Data Query Language

4 What is join?
 Join is used to combine & get the data from different tables.


5 Write type of joins.
    -> Inner Join
         Left Join
         Right Join
         Full Join

6 How Many constraint and describes it self ?
    1) Not Null constraints :
        -> Not Null constraints prevent null values from being entered into a column.
    2) Unique constraints :
        -> Unique constraints ensure that the values in a set of columns are unique and not null for all rows in the table.
    3) Primary Key constraints :
        -> You can use primary key and foreign key constraints to define relationships between tables.
    4) Check constraint :
        -> A check constraint is a database rule that specifies the values allowed in one or more columns of every row of a table.
    5) Foreign key constraints :
        -> Foreign key constraints enable definition of required relationships between and within tables.
    6) Informational constraint :
        -> Informational constraint is a constraint attribute that can be used by the SQL compiler to improve the access to data. 

7 Difference between RDBMS vs DBMS
     RDBMS : Relational Database Management system.
                     -> data is stored in the form of tables.
                     -> RDBMS supports multiple users at a time.
     DBMS    : Database Management System.
                     -> Data is stored as a file.
                     -> DBMS supports single user at a time. 

8 What is API Testing?
    -> Application Programming Interface is a software interface that allows two applications to interact with each other without any user      
         intervention.

9 Types of API Testing?
    1) Open API
    2) Partner API
    3) Internal API

10 What is Responsive Testing?
   -> A responsive web design involves creating a flexible web page that is accessible from any device, starting from a mobile phone to a 
         tablet.

11 Which types of tools are available for Responsive Testing ?
   -> LT Browser
        Lembda Testing
        Google Resizer
        I am responsive
        Pixel tuner

12 What is the full form of .ipa, .apk?
         IPA -> IOS App Store Package
        APK-> Android Application Package

13 How to create step for to open the developer option mode ON?
       1. Go to Settings
       2. Tap About device or About phone
       3. Tap Software information
       4. Tap Build number seven times until you see the message you are now a developer
       5. Return to the previous screen to find Developer options at the bottom













































































